[Applause]
jalen rose looks like he has Lego hair
[Music]
tracy mcgrady looks like a grown-ass
Steve Urkel with biggie small eyes y'all
great one greens jump shot it's almost
as ugly as his face oh it's a damn
good-looking jump shot
when Simmons might have the most boring
voice I've ever heard
hey Glenn Robinson man what a
Butler has my most hated player in the
league award ugly what the is that on
his head look dirty here Fox look like a
Nazi in the face Stevie Wonder's shoes
Fritos better than hundred rummy Steven
Naismith is what happens when a human
tries to be a caps lock button Rachel
Nichols can you stop screaming into your
microphone I've never seen someone so
annoying on television in my life and
I'm old enough to have watched the nanny
Scottie Pippen has the face of a man
that's been through something I need
someone to blame so I'll go with Old
Faithful this is all Kevin love's fall
show us Berkeley has pancaked that's not
true but I would eat him though he looks
like he fries - can I get a kiss from a
rose by seal
[Music]
my cryin
I'll see hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape